Privacy Policy

[Your Company/App Name] respects and values the privacy of its users. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, maintain, and disclose information collected from users of our mobile application.

Information Collection and Use

We may collect personal identification information from users in various ways, including but not limited to when users visit our app, register on the app, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our app. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information.

How We Use Collected Information

Briatore.tech may collect and use users' personal information for the following purposes:

To improve customer service
To personalize user experience
To improve our app
To process payments
To send periodic emails
How We Protect Your Information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our app.

Sharing Your Personal Information

We do not sell, trade, or rent users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

Briatore.tech has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using this app, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our app. Your continued use of the app following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this app, or your dealings with this app, please contact us at gil.informal@gmail.com.

This document was last updated on 2024-03-15.